Red One	Plot under wraps.
Pain Hustlers	Liza dreams of a better life for her and her daughter so she gets a job at a bankrupt pharmacy and Liza's guts catapult the company and her into the high life not knowing that she will soon be in the middle of a criminal conspiracy.
The Gray Man	When the CIA's most skilled operative, whose true identity is known to none, accidentally uncovers dark agency secrets, a psychopathic former colleague puts a bounty on his head, setting off a global manhunt by international assassins.
Lightyear	While spending years attempting to return home, marooned Space Ranger Buzz Lightyear encounters an army of ruthless robots commanded by Zurg who are attempting to steal his fuel source.
Don't Look Up	Two low-level astronomers must go on a giant media tour to warn humankind of an approaching comet that will destroy planet Earth.
Free Guy	When Guy, a bank teller, learns that he is a non-player character in a bloodthirsty, open-world video game, he goes on to become the hero of the story and takes the responsibility of saving the world.
Defending Jacob	The limited drama series is a gripping, character-driven thriller based on the 2012 New York Times best selling novel of the same name by William Landay. An assistant DA's world is shattered when his beloved son gets charged with murder.
Knives Out	A detective investigates the death of the patriarch of an eccentric, combative family.
The Red Sea Diving Resort	Israel's Mossad agents attempt to rescue Ethiopian Jewish refugees in Sudan in 1979.
Avengers: Endgame	After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to reverse Thanos' actions and restore balance to the universe.
Captain Marvel	Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races.
Avengers: Infinity War	The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.
Spider-Man: Homecoming	Peter Parker balances his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens with his superhero alter-ego Spider-Man, and finds himself on the trail of a new menace prowling the skies of New York City.
Gifted	Frank, a single man raising his child prodigy niece Mary, is drawn into a custody battle with his mother.
Captain America: Civil War	Political involvement in the Avengers' affairs causes a rift between Captain America and Iron Man.
Ant-Man	Armed with a super-suit with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, cat burglar Scott Lang must embrace his inner hero and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, pull off a plan that will save the world.
Avengers: Age of Ultron	When Tony Stark and Bruce Banner try to jump-start a dormant peacekeeping program called Ultron, things go horribly wrong and it's up to Earth's mightiest heroes to stop the villainous Ultron from enacting his terrible plan.
Playing It Cool	Unrequited love motivates a guy to write about his experiences.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier	As Steve Rogers struggles to embrace his role in the modern world, he teams up with a fellow Avenger and S.H.I.E.L.D agent, Black Widow, to battle a new threat from history: an assassin known as the Winter Soldier.
Thor: The Dark World	When the Dark Elves attempt to plunge the universe into darkness, Thor must embark on a perilous and personal journey that will reunite him with doctor Jane Foster.
Snowpiercer	In a future where a failed climate change experiment has killed all life except for the survivors who boarded the Snowpiercer (a train that travels around the globe), a new class system emerges.
The Iceman	The story of Richard Kuklinski, the notorious contract killer and family man. When he was finally arrested in 1986, neither his wife nor his daughters had any clue about his real profession.
The Avengers	Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team if they are going to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army from enslaving humanity.
What's Your Number?	A woman looks back at the past nineteen men she's had relationships with in her life and wonders if one of them might be her one true love.
Captain America: The First Avenger	Steve Rogers, a rejected military soldier, transforms into Captain America after taking a dose of a "Super-Soldier serum". But being Captain America comes at a price as he attempts to take down a warmonger and a terrorist organization.
Puncture	A David and Goliath law drama about a drug-addicted lawyer who takes on a health supply corporation while battling his own personal demons.
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World	In a magically realistic version of Toronto, a young man must defeat his new girlfriend's seven evil exes one by one in order to win her heart.
Push	Two young Americans with special abilities must race to find a girl in Hong Kong before a shadowy government organization called Division does.
The Loss of a Teardrop Diamond	A rebellious socialite defies social conventions for a once-in-a-lifetime shot at true love, only to see her hopes shattered after a priceless diamond vanishes into thin air. Adapted from a long-lost Tennessee Williams screenplay.
Street Kings	An undercover cop, disillusioned by the death of his wife, is implicated in the murder of an officer and must struggle to clear himself.
The Nanny Diaries	A college graduate goes to work as a nanny for a rich New York family. Ensconced in their home, she has to juggle their dysfunction, a new romance, and the spoiled brat in her charge.
Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer	The Fantastic Four learn that they aren't the only super-powered beings in the universe when they square off against the powerful Silver Surfer and the planet-eating Galactus.
Sunshine	A team of international astronauts is sent on a dangerous mission to reignite the dying Sun with a nuclear fission bomb in 2057.
TMNT	When the world is threatened by an ancient evil, the four adolescent turtles must reunite and overcome their faults in order to stand against it.
Fierce People	A massage therapist looking to overcome her addictions and reconnect with her son, whose father is an anthropologist in South America studying the Yanomani people, moves in with a wealthy ex-client in New Jersey.
Cellular	A young man receives an emergency phone call on his cell phone from an older woman. The catch? The woman claims to have been kidnapped, and the kidnappers have targeted her husband and child next.
The Perfect Score	Six high school seniors decide to break into the Princeton Testing Center so they can steal the answers to their upcoming SAT tests and all get perfect scores.
Skin	Two mismatched teens fall in love with each other despite the family feud between their fathers, one a pornographer, the other a district attorney, trying to bring each other down.
Not Another Teen Movie	A sendup of all the teen movies that have accumulated in the past two decades.
The Newcomers	A 12-year-old boy and his family start life over in a new town.
