Spaceman	Jakub Procházka, orphaned as a boy and raised in the Czech countryside by his grandparents, overcomes his odds to become the country's first astronaut.
You Are So Not Invited to My Bat Mitzvah	It follows Stacey Friedman as she prepares for her bat mitzvah, but her plans comedically unravel and threaten to ruin the event.
Murder Mystery 2	Full-time detectives Nick and Audrey are struggling to get their private eye agency off the ground. They find themselves at the center of international abduction when their friend Maharaja, is kidnapped at his own lavish wedding.
Hustle	A basketball scout discovers a phenomenal street ball player while in Spain and sees the prospect as his opportunity to get back into the NBA.
Hubie Halloween	Despite his devotion to his hometown of Salem (and its Halloween celebration), Hubie Dubois is a figure of mockery for kids and adults alike. But this year, something is going bump in the night, and it's up to Hubie to save Halloween.
Home Movie: The Princess Bride	Serialized remake of 'The Princess Bride' told in short chapters featuring celebrities at home during quarantine.
Uncut Gems	With his debts mounting and angry collectors closing in, a fast-talking New York City jeweler risks everything in hope of staying afloat and alive.
Murder Mystery	A New York cop and his wife go on a European vacation to reinvigorate the spark in their marriage, but end up getting framed and on the run for the death of an elderly billionaire.
Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation	Count Dracula and company participate in a cruise for sea-loving monsters, unaware that their boat is being commandeered by the monster-hating Van Helsing family.
The Week Of	Two fathers with opposing personalities come together to celebrate the wedding of their children. They are forced to spend the longest week of their lives together, and the big day cannot come soon enough.
The Meyerowitz Stories	An estranged family gathers together in New York City for an event celebrating the artistic work of their father.
Sandy Wexler	Sandy Wexler is a talent manager working in Los Angeles in the 1990s, diligently representing a group of eccentric clients on the fringes of show business.
The Do-Over	Two down-on-their-luck guys decide to fake their own deaths and start over with new identities, only to find the people they're pretending to be are in even deeper trouble.
The Ridiculous 6	An outlaw who was raised by Native Americans discovers that he has five half-brothers. Together the men go on a mission to find their wayward, deadbeat dad.
Hotel Transylvania 2	Dracula and his friends try to bring out the monster in his half human, half vampire grandson in order to keep Mavis from leaving the hotel.
Pixels	When aliens misinterpret video feeds of classic arcade games as a declaration of war, they attack the Earth in the form of the video games.
The Cobbler	A cobbler, bored of his everyday life, stumbles upon a magical heirloom that allows him to become other people and see the world in a different way.
Men, Women & Children	A group of high school teenagers and their parents attempt to navigate the many ways the Internet has changed their relationships, their communications, their self-images, and their love lives.
Top Five	A comedian tries to make it as a serious actor when his reality television star fiancée talks him into broadcasting their wedding on her television show.
Blended	After a bad blind date, a man and woman find themselves stuck together at a resort for families, where their attraction grows as their respective kids benefit from the burgeoning relationship.
Grown Ups 2	After moving his family back to his hometown to be with his friends and their kids, Lenny finds out that between old bullies, new bullies, schizo bus drivers, drunk cops on skis, and four hundred costumed party crashers sometimes crazy follows you.
Hotel Transylvania	Dracula, who operates a high-end resort away from the human world, goes into overprotective mode when a boy discovers the resort and falls for the count's teenaged daughter.
That's My Boy	While in his teens, Donny fathered a son, Todd, and raised him as a single parent until Todd's 18th birthday. Now Donny resurfaces just before Todd's wedding after years apart, sending the groom-to-be's world crashing down.
Zookeeper	A group of zoo animals decide to break their code of silence in order to help their lovable zookeeper find love, without opting to leave his current job for something more illustrious.
Just Go with It	On a weekend trip to Hawaii, a plastic surgeon convinces his loyal assistant to pose as his soon-to-be-divorced wife in order to cover up a careless lie he told to his much-younger girlfriend.
Funny People	When seasoned comedian George Simmons learns of his terminal, inoperable health condition, his desire to form a genuine friendship causes him to take a relatively green performer under his wing as his opening act.
Bedtime Stories	A hotel handyman's life changes when the lavish bedtime stories he tells his niece and nephew start to magically come true.
You Don't Mess with the Zohan	An Israeli Special Forces Soldier fakes his death so he can re-emerge in New York City as a hair stylist.
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry	Two straight, single Brooklyn firefighters pretend to be a gay couple in order to receive domestic partner benefits.
Reign Over Me	A man who lost his family in the September 11 attack on New York City runs into his old college roommate. Rekindling the friendship is the one thing that appears able to help the man recover from his grief.
Click	A workaholic architect finds a universal remote that allows him to fast-forward and rewind to different parts of his life. Complications arise when the remote starts to overrule his choices.
Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo	Deuce is tricked again into man-whoring by T.J., only in Amsterdam while other man-whores are being murdered in his midst.
The Longest Yard	Prison inmates form a football team to challenge the prison guards.
Spanglish	A woman and her daughter emigrate from Mexico for a better life in America, where they start working for a family where the patriarch is a newly celebrated chef with an insecure wife.
50 First Dates	Henry Roth is a man afraid of commitment until he meets the beautiful Lucy. They hit it off and Henry think he's finally found the girl of his dreams until discovering she has short-term memory loss and forgets him the next day.
Anger Management	Dave Buznik is a businessman who is wrongly sentenced to an anger management program, where he meets an aggressive instructor.
The Hot Chick	An attractive and popular teenager, who is mean-spirited toward others, finds herself in the body of an older man, and must find a way to get back to her original body.
Eight Crazy Nights	Davey Stone, an alcoholic with a criminal record, is sentenced to community service under the supervision of an elderly referee. Davey is then faced with trying to reform and abandon his bad habits.
Mr. Deeds	A sweet-natured, small-town guy inherits a controlling stake in a media conglomerate and begins to do business his way.
Punch-Drunk Love	Socially frustrated Barry Egan calls a phone-sex line to curb his loneliness. Little does he know it will land him in deep trouble and will jeopardize his burgeoning romance with the mysterious Lena.
The Animal	After receiving organ transplants from various animal donors, a man finds himself taking on the traits of those animals.
Little Nicky	After two of the devil's three sons escape Hell to wreak havoc on Earth, the devil must send his third son, the mild-mannered Nicky, to bring them back before it's too late.
Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo	An average aquarium cleaner house-sits for a gigolo, only to be forced to become one himself.
Big Daddy	A lazy law-school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father.
The Waterboy	A waterboy for a college football team discovers he has a unique tackling ability and becomes a member of the team.
Dirty Work	A loser finds success in the revenge-for-hire business.
The Wedding Singer	Robbie, a singer, and Julia, a waitress, are both engaged, but to the wrong people. Fortune intervenes to help them discover each other.
Bulletproof	Two criminals, Keats and Moses, end their friendship, when Keats turns out to be an undercover cop. Many years later, the two are forced to work together when Keats is assigned to protect Moses as a witness.
Happy Gilmore	A rejected hockey player puts his skills to the golf course to save his grandmother's house.
Billy Madison	In order to inherit his fed up father's hotel empire, an immature and lazy man must repeat grades 1-12 all over again.
Mixed Nuts	The events focus around a crisis hotline business on one crazy night during the Christmas holidays.
Airheads	Three band members hoping for a big break head to a radio station to play their demo tape and wind up holding everyone hostage with plastic guns when the head D.J. refuses to play them.
Coneheads	Aliens with conical crania crash-land on Earth.
Shakes the Clown	Shakes is good at his job as party clown - when he's sober and shows up. Five druggy clowns frame him for the murder of his boss.
Going Overboard	A struggling young comedian takes a menial job on a cruise ship hoping for his big chance to make it in the world of cruise-ship comedy.
