Griselda	The life of Griselda Blanco, a devoted mother who created one of the most profitable cartels in history.
Strays	An abandoned dog teams up with other strays to get revenge on his former owner.
Koati	Three unlikely heroes - Nachi, a free-spirited coati; Xochi, a fearless monarch butterfly and Pako, a hyperactive glass frog - embark on an adventure to stop wicked coral snake Zaina from destroying their rain forest homeland.
Bottom of the 9th	After serving 17 years in prison for a violent mistake he made in his youth, a once-aspiring baseball player returns to his Bronx neighborhood.
The Con is On	In an effort to avoid paying off a massive gambling debt to a notorious mobster in England, a couple flee to Los Angeles and hatch a jewel theft plot.
The Emoji Movie	Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji.
The Female Brain	What makes a woman swipe right for Mr. Wrong? Sofía Vergara and Whitney Cummings star in this fresh, witty look at the science behind our romantic missteps.
Keeping Up with the Powerpuff Girls	The real life of the power puff girls.
Hot Pursuit	An uptight and by-the-book cop (Reese Witherspoon) tries to protect the outgoing widow (Sofia Vergara) of a drug boss as they race through Texas pursued by crooked cops and murderous gunmen.
Wild Card	When a Las Vegas bodyguard with lethal skills and a gambling problem gets in trouble with the mob, he has one last play...and it's all or nothing.
Chef	A head chef quits his restaurant job and buys a food truck in an effort to reclaim his creative promise, while piecing back together his estranged family.
Machete Kills	The U.S. government recruits Machete to battle his way through Mexico in order to take down an arms dealer who looks to launch a weapon into space.
Fading Gigolo	Fioravante decides to become a professional Don Juan as a way of making money to help his cash-strapped friend, Murray. With Murray acting as his "manager", the duo quickly finds themselves caught up in the crosscurrents of love and money.
Escape from Planet Earth	Astronaut Scorch Supernova finds himself caught in a trap when he responds to an SOS from a notoriously dangerous alien planet.
The Three Stooges	While trying to save their childhood orphanage, Moe, Larry and Curly inadvertently stumble into a murder plot and wind up starring in a reality television show.
New Year's Eve	The lives of several couples and singles in New York City intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve.
Happy Feet Two	Mumble's son, Erik, is struggling to realize his talents in the Emperor Penguin world. Meanwhile, Mumble and his family and friends discover a new threat their home -- one that will take everyone working together to save them.
The Smurfs	When the evil wizard Gargamel chases the tiny blue Smurfs out of their village, they tumble from their magical world into New York City.
Madea Goes to Jail	Mischievous grandma Madea lands in jail, where she meets a variety of mixed-up characters.
Meet the Browns	A single mom takes her family to Georgia for the funeral of her father--a man she never met--and she and her clan meet the crass, fun-loving Brown family.
Pledge This!	At South Beach University, a beautiful sorority president takes in a group of unconventional freshman girls seeking acceptance into her house.
Grilled	A couple of incompetent door-to-door meat salesmen have fallen so far behind on their quotas that they are finally issued an ultimatum.
Seven Days	Claudio Caballero decides to gamble $500,000 dollars in a desperate attempt to raise the cash necessary to bring the world's biggest band (U2) to Mexico.
Four Brothers	When their adoptive mother is gunned down in a store robbery, four brothers decide to investigate the murder and find the killers themselves, but not all is what it seems.
Lords of Dogtown	The film follows the surf and skateboarding trends that originated in Venice, California during the 1970s.
Soul Plane	Things get raucously funny aboard the maiden flight of a black-owned airline, thanks to some last-minute passenger additions.
The 24th Day	Tom (Speedman) and Dan's (Marsden) one-night stand turns into an intense power-play between captor and captive.
Chasing Papi	A successful executive in the cosmetic industry has three sexy girlfriends in three different states. When they decide to visit him in L.A., he's in big trouble.
Big Trouble	The lives of several Miami denizens, from ad agents to gunrunners to street thugs to law enforcement to school-children, intersect with humorous and dangerous results.
