Home Operation	The story inspired by real events of the emergency evacuation of Chinese nationals and diplomats, but also foreigners, during the war in Yemen in 2015.
Wish Dragon	Determined teen Din is longing to reconnect with his childhood best friend when he meets a wish-granting dragon who shows him the magic of possibilities.
Iron Mask	Early 1700: Cartographer Jonathan Green (Jason Flemyng) from Forbidden Empire (2014) is back to map the Russian Far East. He's forced on to China, where he confronts the Dragon Master et al. The iron masked Russian Czar escapes the Tower of London to a Russian ship.
The Knight of Shadows: Between Yin and Yang	A legendary demon hunter (Jackie Chan), tracking down beasts that enter the human dimension, assisted by a lawman protégé and a motley group of friendly monsters.
Golden Job	A group of mercenaries come together to pull of an epic heist.
The Game Changers	A UFC fighter's world is turned upside down when he discovers an elite group of world-renowned athletes and scientists who prove that everything he had been taught about protein was a lie.
Bleeding Steel	A Special Forces Agent is assigned to protect a scientist and his creation from a sinister gang.
Reset	When her son is kidnapped, the inventor of a time machine teams up with multiple versions of her future self to rescue him.
Kung Fu Yoga	Two professors team up to locate a lost treasure and embark on an adventure that takes them from a Tibetan ice cave to Dubai, and to a mountain temple in India.
Railroad Tigers	A railroad worker in China in 1941 leads a team of freedom fighters against the Japanese in order to get food for the poor.
Skiptrace	A detective from Hong Kong teams up with an American gambler to battle against a notorious Chinese criminal.
Manhattan Night	A reporter becomes involved with a mysterious woman while investigating her late husband's death.
Jackie Chan Presents: Amnesia	Having fallen into amnesia 'Who Am I' is forced to fight for his life while searching for answers.
Gambling on Extinction	A look at the use and proliferation of illegal wildlife products throughout the world.
Dragon Blade	When corrupt Roman leader Tiberius arrives with a giant army to claim the Silk Road, Huo An teams up his army with an elite Legion of defected Roman soldiers led by General Lucius to protect his country and his new friends.
Chinese Zodiac	A man searches the world for a set of mystic artifacts. The twelve bronze heads of the animals from the Chinese zodiac.
Legendary Amazons	In early 11th century China, the Song Dynasty is being invaded by armies of the rival state Western Xia. Yang, the last of a long line of Song generals, is killed and his widowed wife Mu leads other widows into battle to save their dynasty.—Anonymous
Little Big Soldier	An old soldier kidnaps a young General of an enemy state and takes him on a long journey to collect the reward.
Shinjuku Incident	A simple Chinese immigrant wages a perilous war against one of the most powerful criminal organizations on the planet.
Jackie Chan Presents: Wushu	Ten years ago, five students joined a martial arts school and learned the disciplines of Wushu and the bonds of friendship. Today, both will be put to the test after they and a former student stumble into a child kidnapping ring.
Run Papa Run	A father desperately tries to hide his Triad lifestyle from his daughter.
Rob-B-Hood	Thongs and Octopus accept a job from their landlord: kidnap a baby. Soon, the baby awakens strong paternal feelings in the two crooks, leading to complications when it comes to handing him over to his possibly crazy gang boss grandfather.
The Myth	Archeologist Jack keeps having reoccurring dreams of a past life, where he is the great general Meng Yi, who is sworn to protect a princess named Ok-Soo. Jack decides to go investigate everything with his friend William.
Chang hen ge	A person's life is destined to be shorter than that of a city. Having spent her whole life in Shanghai, Qiyao has her moments of prosperity and her fair share of loneliness. She finally fades and disappears but Shanghai remains a metropolitan city. Shanghai in the 1930s is glamorous and seductive. A pretty young girl from an ordinary family, Qiyao is lucky enough to win the 2nd runner-up of the "Miss Shanghai" contest. Mr. Cheng, her admirer as well as a photographer who assists her to her success, knows the girl is going to live an extraordinary life. It turns out she is going to witness the decades of changes to her city. 1948, Officer Li, an official in control of the army, keeps her as his lover. During the time, she spends her life at the Parliament ballroom, accompanies him through dangerous situations, and tries to devote all of herself to a man she believes she can spend the rest of her life with. But one day, he disappears and does not return. She never gets to find out the reason for his disappearance. This happens often in Shanghai at the time. In 1956, Qiyao begins to live a plain and simple life that is totally different from her glorious days. Nobody knows her past and she appears to be a young single woman. Her only friend is the married Mr. Cheng whom she keeps at a distance. But the calmness is broken when a rich young man Ming shows up. Qiyao is satisfied with Ming in every way except for his lack of courage as a man. When Qiyao finally makes a decision to marry him, Ming leaves her and goes to Hong Kong for his family business. Qiyao is alone again, but with an unborn child. She marries a sick and dying man, simply to find her child a father. Mr. Cheng is the only person who understands that she does it to regain her dignity. In 1970, grateful that the divorced Mr. Cheng has never stopped loving her, Qiyao tries to get closer to him and wants to marry him. Mr. Cheng, however, devotes himself to popular campaign that sends educated urban men to the countryside to help the rural population. He leaves for Yunnan, thinking that it will only be a year, but does not come back until ten years later. One day, Mr. Cheng returns, introducing to Qiyao a young man who is addicted to the lifestyle of old Shanghai. Regardless of the age difference, Qiyao and the young man fall in love with each other. Unfortunately, the young man secretly plans to go abroad, leaving Qiyao alone in Shanghai, just as what his predecessors have done. Qiyao finally breaks down as she realizes no one is as loyal as she is to the city where her life begins and will end.—Athena Tsui
House of Fury	A former secret agent's past catches up to him, and his two children have to rescue him before it's too late.
Rice Rhapsody	Fearing her son could be gay, a conservative mother takes in a French foreign exchange student, who ends up teaching the family a lot about life, acceptance, and love.
New Police Story	A hero cop accidentally leads his team into a trap from which he is the only survivor. Drowning his guilt in booze, he is eventually assigned a new younger partner who turns out to have his own secrets.
Around the World in 80 Days	To win a bet, an eccentric British inventor embarks, with his Chinese valet and an aspiring French artist, on a trip full of adventures and dangers around the world in exactly 80 days.
Enter the Phoenix	Hong Kong’s top triad leader Hung appoints his gay son Georgie to be his successor before he dies. But Hung’s loyal right-hand man Cheung mistakes his roommate Sam as Georgie instead.
The Medallion	A Hong Kong detective suffers a fatal accident involving a mysterious medallion and is transformed into an immortal warrior with superhuman powers.
Shanghai Knights	When a Chinese rebel murders Chon's estranged father and escapes to England, Chon and Roy make their way to London with revenge on their minds.
The Accidental Spy	At a Hong Kong shopping center, Buck Yuen's (Jackie Chan's) intuition warns him. He saves a robbery's loot and gets on television, ends up in Istanbul via South Korea, and accidentally becomes a spy. Fortunately, he knows Kung Fu.
Shanghai Noon	A Chinese man travels to the Wild West to rescue a kidnapped Princess. After teaming up with a train robber, the unlikely duo takes on a Chinese traitor and his corrupt boss.
Gen-X Cops	A ridiculed HK cop hires 3 cadets, directly (thrown) out of police academy, to go undercover and get the criminals, who stole explosives and killed his partner.
Gorgeous	A romantic girl travels to Hong Kong in search of certain love but instead meets a kind-hearted professional fighter for whom she begins to fall instead.
Hot War	Three friends who grew up from the same orphanage and became scientists, now research human subconscious at CIA. They get the news that a criminal named "Mad Dragon" plans to send violence mind to Asia maliciously to unleash financial crisis. Both sides try their best to defeat the other side.
Red Zone	A drug lord under arrested threatens the judges and the police. Meanwhile an undercover cop approaches the drug lord's girl to collect evidences.
Thunderbolt	In order to release his kidnapped sister, sports car mechanic Chan Foh To (Jackie Chan) has to beat a supercriminal street racer.
Supercop	A Hong Kong detective teams up with his female Red Chinese counterpart to stop a Chinese drug czar.
The Shootout	An armored car with two million dollars worth of banknotes on board is hijacked at Hong Kong's international airport by a gang of four - three men and a girl. It is one of the best orchestrated heists in memory. Bombs and guns are used to stop the car and disarm the guards. A jeep is used to take the loot while two motorcycles provide mobility and decoy. But even the best laid plans can go awry.—Agus Saroso
Center Stage	Biopic of 1930s Chinese actress Lingyu Ruan.
Angry Ranger	A man returning to his old neighborhood after a prison term finds that the friends he used to hang out with are now a violent street gang that is terrorizing the community.
Story of Kennedy Town	The story takes place in the 1960s, where three street hooligans, Peng, Qiang, and Wei, got to know each other due to a misunderstanding and became sworn brothers with different surnames. Later, Peng joined the police force, and Qiang and Wei, in order to help their friends achieve success, voluntarily surrendered to help Peng make contributions and were sentenced to prison. But the ambitious Peng aspires to achieve his own promotion and wealth, making more use of his friends and monopolizing Qiang's girlfriend, and even killing Qiang in one action. Only then did Wei realize that Peng was treacherous and determined to seek revenge for Qiang. On the occasion of Peng receiving a special medal from the police, he shot and killed Peng. When Wei defended himself in court, he criticized for killing his friend, and then accepted legal sanctions peacefully.
The Inspector Wears Skirts II	Four new Banshee Squad Members join the Hong Kong Police Academy to undergo training supervised by Madam Wu (Sibelle Hu). Their personalities don't click with the current Squad Members, resulting in petty arguments and duels. However, they later make peace with one another as they join the Tiger Squad Members, supervised by Inspector Kan (Shui-Fan Fung), to undergo new training courses together and combine forces to take down a band of terrorists.—Oliver Chu
Top Squad	Madame Wu (Sibelle Hu) has been assigned to the Hong Kong Police Academy to train female Banshee Squad Members, next door to the male Tiger Squad Members lead by Inspector Kan (Shui-Fan Fung). After internal conflicts and courting mishaps, the squad members were ordered to band together to round up a gang of thieves at a convention.—Oliver Chu
Rouge	Fleur is the blue angel in one of Hong Kong's "flower houses" - bordellos and night clubs of the 1930s. A detached and beautiful performer, she falls in love with Twelfth Master Chan, heir to a chain of pharmacies. They agree to a suicide pact. 50 years later, in modern Hong Kong, Fleur's ghost appears in Yuen's newspaper office, wanting to place an ad to find Chan, who never arrived in the afterlife. Yuen, and his equally bewildered girlfriend, An Chor, are captivated by Fleur and her story.—<jhailey@hotmail.com>
Naughty Boys	Sing is an ex-con who's supposed to dig up the buried loot of his three still-jailed buddies, but when he gets to it, he finds that the treasure chest is full of rocks. The other three are convinced that Sing stole the goods for himself.
